---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /members/minutes/2013-07-09
published: true
categories:
  - members
  - minutes
---

Minutes of the second General Assembly held at 6767 Côtes-des-Neiges,
Montréal, on 2013/07/09.

Attending:

* Eero Piilokivi
* Ulf Johansson
* Daniel Schott
* Alexey Eremin
* Bradford Holmes
* Charlie Simpkins
* Mathieu Baillargeon
* Paul Mylchreest (secretary)
* Eloi Bail
* Fabien Jeanneret
* Peter Walser


# Agenda

• Creation of a non for profit organization (for 2013-14 season).

• Team name – same name for elite team and intermediate team?

• Bank account

• Membership fees – elite, volunteer, official

• An administrative board of at least three members (president, secretary and treasurer)

• Two referees required by each club

• Team uniforms? By local or go with real floorball brands?

• Club sponsor or not?

• Bylaws – basic ones

• Name

• Purpose of club/organization

• Location

• Membership to floorball canada or QFA mentioned

• Neutrality – confessional and political mentioned

• Accept bylaws and regulations from it’s province and national federations

• Youth program by year 3.

• Other questions

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Introduction

Eero introduces new IFF protocols for Canada qualifying for the world
championships.

MontrealOpen (november) will be part of the World championships selection
process.

There will be regional championships, and national championships.

Forming a non-profit organization will need to be in place at the end of the summer. We are looking
for volunteers with experience with this.


# Board and committees

Board members: Fabien, Paul both volunteer to be board members.

Charlie and Bradford volunteer for comittees.


# Club Teams

Peter Walser starts discussion about team formation.

Club will initially be formed by the elite men's team, followed by an
all women's team in the near future.

Discussion follows about the formation of other clubs (YG etc), and if
we should encourage this. It is decided that it is up to them to build
up a club, in part because we don't wish to fraction the community too
much.


# Club/Team name

Mathieu suggests that we initially have different names for both club
and team.

The club name will be Club Floorball de Mtl/Mtl Floorball Club.

The team name will be determined at a future date.


# Referrees

The club will need 2 refs by fall. Eero will be sending information
about this in the future.

# Uniforms

Discussion follows about how to select uniform (shirt, short, socks)
in 2 colours. Could be sponsered by Zone/Unihoc.

Eero will send out a RFC about this on the club website.

Peter starts a discussion about play organization. There will be open
practices with teams of 4/5 formed by the club members.

Eero discusses current league organization. Floorball Quebec doesn't
really exist because there have been no memberships payed for the last
3 yeaers.


# Club Membership fees

There will need to enough to pay for ongoing bank fees. Also for
registration with the government.

Action needed: what is the minimum amount required for a non-profit org.

Eero suggests that elite members could pay a flat membership (TBD) fee for
the year, with advantages such as discounts on equipment, hotels,
tournament fees.


# Club charter

Mathieu suggests we get inspiration from existing charters (Ottawa,
BC)


# Bylaws

Eero will send out a RFC once the board has been formed. This is needed
to be recognized as a NPO.


# Youth program

Eero explains that it is required within 3 years. Some people in
Montreal have expressed interest for 7 year-olds.

Part of the gym rental fees can be payed by the city burrough.

Paul volunteers to lookup CDN at see if an activity can be set up for
the fall/winter schedule.


# Bank.

Fabien volunteers to investigate bank selection for NPO.


# Website

Paul volunteers to setup a initial website for all things related to
the club.

Mathieu volunteers for finding someone to create a logo for the club.


# Practice venues

Discussion about time and place for practices. Bois de Boulogne is cheaper (110$),
CEGEP St-Laurent a bit more (200$).

Eero will reach to current league players to gauge interest in practices.


# Coach

Eero notes that the elite team will need a coach as it is difficult
for him to do both. (Joe?)


# Next general assembly date

This will decided after the board has met.
