---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /floorball-tournament-2015
published: true
categories:
  - floorball-tournament-2015
---

## Club de Floorball Montréal invites you for the 3 vs 3 Floorball Tournament 2015.

We would like to invite everybody who is interested in trying out floorball to
join this tournament. Just find at least three friends and join the event
here. We'll have sticks to borrow for everybody. If you can't find enough
people for your team, just let us know on the Facebook event page and we will
add you to a team with pleasure.

  - What: We will play a 3 vs 3 tournament on small goals and no goalkeepers. Maximum 12 teams.
  - Who: Everybody is welcome. Max 2 player from MFC per team. The teams are mixed.
  - Where: Cégep de Saint-Laurent
  - Why: All for the fun.
  - Fees: 30$ per team
  - Deadline for registration: September, 20th.
  - Bonus: NEW players who will join the Winter league for the first time and were part of this
    tournament will get 10$ off from the Winter league fees.

### Some rules:

  - Max. 2 players per team who were ever part of the Montreal Floorball league
  - Min. 2 new players per team
  - Min. 4 players per team
  - Max. 6 players per team
  - Captain pays the 30$ to MFC
  - Please pick any t-shirt colour for your team and show up in it.


The captain of the team has to write an email till September the 20th to:
floorballmontreal@gmail.com with following information:

 - Name of the team
 - Name of the captain and phone number
 - Names of the players

We have a maximum of 12 teams and first come, first served. So hurry up and
create your team.

We're looking forward to see you. :)
if you have any questions don't hesitate to ask.
