---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /club/meetings/2013-08-13
published: true
categories:
  - club
  - meetings
---

Minutes of the third board meeting held at 6767 Côtes-des-Neiges,
Montréal, on 2013/08/13.

Attending:

* Eero Piilokivi
* Fabien Jeanneret
* Eloi Bail
* Kurre Stahlberg
* Paul Mylchreest (secretary)

# Agenda

1. Membership fees
2. Practices
3. Uniforms
4. Website
5. Logo
6. League

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Membership fees

Discussion involving Active and Passive members. Without passive
members, active membership fees will be much higher.

Fabien suggests that we investigate tax receipt for passive members.

Eloi proposes to write a promotional brochure for the Club to promote
passive membership.

Fabien proposes that active members can also find sponsors, that would
also reduce their active membership fees.

Eero suggests 200$ active membership fees, not including other
membership fees (Floorball Canada).

Eloi estimates total costs for the league at 10K $

So, the active membership fees (with tournaments fees) is 250$ based
on an estimated 40 members.

Eero suggests we raise the fees to 300$ to covers any unforseen fees.

Kurre suggests that we make a full breakdown of the costs for the
league in order to be transparent.

Kurre suggests that the membership fees be broken in two equal
payments.

The proposal is accepted: 300$ (2 x 150)

Deadline for first payment will september 19.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Practices

Eero asks the question if we should book both tuesdays and thurdays in
september.

Kurre suggests that we books both, and cancel one if we see that we
will not be able to keep both. Remembering that we will also have
saturday booking at BdeB.

Kurry suggest that we use txt msgs to poll interest.

Eero will draft a survey to find who is interested to play and
determine the format of the league.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Uniforms

Eero has a deal for full uniform 50$ (2 colors).

The uniforms come in black / white/ blue / red

Suggested color combos:

 red shirt   - blue shorts - red socks
 white shirt - blue shorts - white socks

Eero will bring different sizes at the next practice so we can test
the sizes.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Website

The preliminary website will be up for testing next week.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Logo

Mathieu is not present, so we don't have status on this at the moment.

Kurre suggests that we could offer a sponsorship spot on the team
shirts for the logo.

Eero suggests that we sell spots on the boards.

Fabien also suggests we sell spots also on the website.

It is suggested

- 800$/per season for shirt
- 100$ on website (free with shirt)
- 150$ for boards (free with shirt)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. League

There not enough people present to procede on this.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Other

Fabien says that Aymeric Neveu is proposing to teach in schools.

We will need to prepare for promotional kiosks for back to school at
major universities.
