---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /club/meetings/2015-04-21
published: true
categories:
  - club
  - meetings
---

## Minutes of the Board Meeting held on 2015-04-21.

### Participants:

- Eloi Bail
- ‎Niklaus Buchi
- Luis Calza
- Fabien Jeanneret
- Paul Mylchreest
- Olivier Normandin
- Eero Piilokivi
- Charlie Simpkins
- Kurre Stahlberg

### Excused:

- Marc-André Gosselin

# Agenda

## Part 1: Annual review

1. MFL - review, expenses, income etc
2. FLC - review, expenses, income etc

## Part two: Finances and inventory

3. Financial situation
4. Inventory - assets (boards, nets, t-shirts, uniforms etc)

## Part three: Tasks for the future

5. Membership fees 15-16
6. MFL season 15-16
7. FLC season 15-16
8. Practices or not
9. Recruiting
10. Youth floorball
11. Website, Twitter, FB, Posters, business cards
12. Varia

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Meeting recap

Financial situation: We have about 2900$.

We have no immediate need to use our money but it would be good to buy either
new nets for the goals at St.Laurent or buy new goals at some point.

We will charge everybody a membership fee next season:

Active recreational member 35$ (15$ to Floorball Canada that includes
insurance and free practices).

Active elite member 50$ (30$ to Floorball Canada that includes insurance and
participation in the FLC and free practices). Supporting members 10$.

We will continue with the same format for the Montreal Floorball League,
meaning drafting teams and playing one Fall season and one Winter season. We
will also charge the same as last year (100$ for each half).

We will participate in the Floorball League of Canada, if we have enough
interested players (elite members).

We will organize practices on Thursday nights for the four weeks leading up to
Montreal Open and evaluate it after in order to see if we will book more
practice times.

We will offer more practical training to referees as well as have peer review
in order to improve refereeing.

Team GM's/captains as well as the board will need to have a higher standard in
order to tweak out players who complain or behave otherwise irresponsibly.

We will look further into organizing half day and/or mini tournaments for
University students and/or corporate groups in order to improve our finances
and recruit new members.

We could also try to promote floorball during the Hockey Junior WC in Montreal
in December, hopefully through Hockey Canada, who is a partner with Floorball
Canada.

If we get any of this going we would need to buy some equipment (primarily
sticks and possibly some mini nets) at some point.

We need to pick up on the social media. Use Twitter much more than so far and
in both English and French. We will create another Facebook page to promote
floorball on top of the closed group we have.

Eloi will design a business card for the boards approval and once approved we
will print some so we can hand them out to the public when needed.

We decided to appoint (by choice) responsibilities to the members of the
board:

- Refereeing - Eero
- MFL - Kurre (Charlie)
- FLC Elite - Olivier
- Finances - Fabien
- Recruiting - Adult - Eloi, Luis ; Youth - Paul
- Communication and Marketing - Nik
