---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /montreal-open-2013
published: true
categories:
  - montreal-open-2013
---

# Welcome to the 2013 Montréal Open

The 2013 edition of Montreal Open will take place on November 9-10 in Montréal, Québec.

This is the 8th edition of the Open and this year the tournament will be organized by the Montreal Floorball Club (MFC).

As being an open tournament as usual, this time around the Open elite division will also serve as the first round for the Canadian Floorball
League (CFL). Visiting clubs from Cambridge, Hamilton, Ottawa and Toronto alongside home team Montreal FC, will be competing for both CFL and
the Open honors.

## Location

Just like last year, Cegep St-Laurent will serve as our tournament venue. It is close to
the St-Laurent borough core (with restaurants etc.), next to the highway 40, 15 minutes from the
airport, next to a metro station and not far from downtown Montréal.

## Address:

[625 Sainte Croix Boulevard, Saint-Laurent, QC H4L 3X7](montreal-open-2013/venue)
Parking is not free at the Cegep parking so we would recommend you to buy a ticket. For less than
$10 you can get a ticket to last for a day.

## Dates and times:

Saturday November 9th (9am to 8pm) and Sunday November 10th (9am to 6pm).

## Registration fees and deadlines:

- Intermediate: $450
- Elite: $550

Registration and payment deadline is Sunday October 26th. Teams that register and/or pay later than October 26th 
have to pay a $50 delay fee to be eligible for the tournament.

## Payment method:

### Banking transfer to this account info:

- account: RBC
- Transit: 03981 - 003
- Account Number: 1020916


### Cash or cheque to:

Club de Floorball de Montréal, 7156 Clark, Montréal, QC, H2S 3G4.

## Rosters:

Rosters (with names, numbers and birth dates) need to be sent to floorballmontreal@gmail.com by
November 7th.

A maximum of three Montreal Open elite division players are allowed on an intermediate division team
roster.

Minimum participator age is 15 years as of November 9th, 2013.

## When registering your team:

you need to state complete club name
which division your club want to participate in (intermediate or elite)
name of contact person including email, home phone and cell phone
roster with player names, numbers and birth date as well as staff names and birth dates (if finalized - but no later than November 7th)
payment (no later than October 26th).
uniform color (both home and away if applicable)
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to email to floorballmontreal@gmail.com or call 450-575-6186

Welcome to the Montreal Open and hope to see you there in November!
