---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /montreal-open-2014
published: true
categories:
  - montreal-open-2014
---

# Welcome to the 2014 Montréal Open

The 2014 edition of Montreal Open will take place on November 8-9 in Montréal, Québec.

This is the 9th edition of the Open and the tournament will be
organized again by the Montreal Floorball Club (MFC).

As being an open tournament as usual, this time around the Open elite division
will also serve as the first round for the Canadian Floorball League (CFL).
Visiting clubs from Cambridge, Ottawa and Toronto alongside home
team Montreal FC, will be competing for both CFL and the Open honors.

## Location

Just like last year, Cegep St-Laurent will serve as our tournament venue. It
is close to the St-Laurent borough core (with restaurants etc.), next to the
highway 40, 15 minutes from the airport, next to a metro station and not far
from downtown Montréal.

## Address:

[625 Sainte Croix Boulevard, Saint-Laurent, QC H4L
3X7](montreal-open-2014/venue). Parking is not free at the Cegep parking so we
would recommend you to buy a ticket. For less than $10 you can get a ticket to
last for a day.

## Dates and times:

  - Saturday November 8th (9am to 8pm)
  - Sunday November 9th (9am to 6pm).

## Registration fees and deadlines:

  - Intermediate: $450
  - Elite: $650

Registration and payment deadline is Sunday November 2nd. Teams that register
and/or pay later than November 2nd have to pay a $50 delay fee to be eligible
for the tournament.

## Payment method:

### Banking transfer to this account info:

  - account: RBC
  - Transit: 03981 - 003
  - Account Number: 1020916


### Cash or cheque to:

Club de Floorball de Montréal, 7156 Clark, Montréal, QC, H2S 3G4.

## Rosters:

Rosters (with names, numbers and birth dates) need to be sent to
floorballmontreal@gmail.com by November 2nd.

A maximum of three Montreal Open elite division players are allowed on an
intermediate division team roster.

Minimum participation age is 15 years as of November 8th, 2014.

## When registering your team:

You need to:

  - state the complete club name
  - which division your club want to participate in (intermediate or elite)
  - the name of the contact person including email, home phone and cell phone
  - team rosters with player names, numbers and birth date (if finalized - but no later than November 7th)
  - staff names and birth dates
  - payment (no later than November 2nd)
  - uniform color (both home and away if applicable).

If you have any questions please do not hesitate to email to
floorballmontreal@gmail.com or call 450-575-6186

Welcome to the Montreal Open and hope to see you there in November!
