---
layout: english
lang: en
permalink: /montreal-open-2016
published: true
categories:
  - montreal-open-2016
---

# Welcome to the 2016 Montréal Open

The 2016 edition of Montreal Open will take place on November 12-13th in Montréal, Québec.

This is the 11th edition of the Open and the tournament will be
organized again by the Montreal Floorball Club (MFC).

As being an open tournament as usual, this time around the Open elite division
will again serve as the first round for the Floorball League of Canada (LFC).
Visiting clubs from Cambridge, Hamilton, Ottawa and Toronto alongside home
team Montreal FC, will be competing for both LFC and the Open honors.

Minimum participation age is 15 years as of November 12th, 2016.

## Location

Just like last year, Cegep St-Laurent will serve as our tournament venue. It
is close to the St-Laurent borough core (with restaurants etc.), next to the
highway 40, 15 minutes from the airport, next to a metro station and not far
from downtown Montréal.

## Address:

[625 Sainte Croix Boulevard, Saint-Laurent, QC H4L
3X7](montreal-open-2016/venue). Parking is not free at the Cegep parking so we
would recommend you to buy a ticket. For less than $10 you can get a ticket to
last for a day.

## Dates and times:

  - Saturday November 12th (9am to 7pm)
  - Sunday November 13th (9am to 5pm).

## Registration fees and deadlines:

  - Intermediate: $450
  - Elite: $650

Payment deadline is before first match on saturday 12th.

## Payment method:

### Email transfer:

  - floorballmontreal@gmail.com


### Banking transfer to this account info:

  - account: RBC
  - Transit: 03981 - 003
  - Account Number: 1020916


### Cash or cheque to:

Club de Floorball de Montréal, 6509 rue Saint-André, Montréal, QC, H2S 2K7.

If you have any questions please do not hesitate to email to
floorballmontreal@gmail.com

Welcome to the Montreal Open and hope to see you there in November!
